---
metaTitle: "Testimonials - Clients&#x27; Reviews | Orange, CA | TuanLeLaw"
metaDescription: "Read our customers' testimonials about our services in Orange, CA. Our estate planning practice is focused on helping families."
h1: "We Care about Our Clients! Here Is The Proof"
summary: "Read our customers' testimonials about our services in Orange, CA. Our estate planning practice is focused on helping families."
author: "Tuan Le"
robots: "index, follow"
canonical: "https://tuanlelaw.com/testimonials"
ogTitle: "Testimonials - Clients' Reviews | Orange, CA | TuanLeLaw"
ogDescription: "Read our customers' testimonials about our services in Orange, CA. Our estate planning practice is focused on helping families."
ogImage: ""
twitterCard: "summary_large_image"
twitterTitle: "Testimonials - Clients' Reviews | Orange, CA | TuanLeLaw"
twitterDescription: "Read our customers' testimonials about our services in Orange, CA. Our estate planning practice is focused on helping families."
twitterImage: "https://www.tuanlelaw.com/assets/logo/Logo-Blue.png"
publishedTime: "2023-06-01T00:00:00.000Z"
modifiedTime: "2024-10-01T00:00:00.000Z"
readTime: "4 min read"
---
# We Care about Our Clients! Here Is The Proof
<!----><!---->[Home](https://tuanlelaw.com/)/<!---->Testimonials
### Testimonials
<q class="testimonial-message">I met with Mr Le with the intention of pursuing a bankruptcy. He reviewed my situation and informed me of the process and realities. During the consultation he could have taken my money and pushed me along the path I had expected; however, he had the integrity to encourage me to pursue a better path to financial freedom.</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Paul**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">Tuan Le is an excellent immigration lawyer that has helped me through the entire process of obtaining an I601 waiver for my wife. The I601 waiver was approved in 9.5 months. Since our initial consultation, he was clear with all the steps of the I601 waiver application. He has been patient and informative with all my questions regarding this process. He is very experienced in immigration and has given me guidance every step of the way with my application. I highly recommend him to others looking for a professional to oversee any sort of legal proceedings with immigration law.</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Vu**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">I had a few meetings with different lawyers in the area but ended up choosing Tuan Le, who is from out of the area, within 10 minutes of his consultation in person. Tuan is kind, professional, knowledgeable, attentive to details, and has a lot of experience in his fields. It was a complicated case with a lot of required paperwork, but with Tuan’s experience and expertise he made it go smoothly. As the result, the approval letters came in way earlier than we anticipated. Tuan’s work is exceptional. Also, he is excellent in term of communication as he always keeps me updated, explains and goes through all the details, especially when I have questions he makes sure get back quickly. I recommended Tuan to one of my cousins for her difficult case too. Even though his office is currently located in Southern California, I would recommend him to anyone out of area or even out of the state to hire him for your case. Hiring Tuan was one of the best decisions I have made. I wouldn’t image going through this process without his help/guidance or any other lawyers out there would have done a better job than Tuan. One last important point, Tuan is honest; he would tell you up front if he can’t help with your case. My family is grateful for all your hard work on our case, Tuan.</q><q class="testimonial-author">**anonymous**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">Being that I do not speak a lot of English, having a lawyer that speaks my native language has made communication a lot easier. Tuan has helped me successfully re-establish my immigration status. He has made it easy for me to understand what is required and what I am to expect. He is very professional and is very diligent on what his job requires. I highly recommend him for anybody in need of help on their immigration papers!</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Tien**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">Tuan was able to help me successful re-establish my status here in the US. He has been tremendously helpful and thorough with our paperwork, always making sure that we have everything that we need/that we have done everything in our power to be successful in the case. I highly recommend him as a lawyer!</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Ngoc**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">I would recommend Mr. Tuan Le for immigration situation because he is a very good and professional lawyer. I failed to keep my status; however, he helped me with all the paper works and get me back my status. If you need a lawyer about immigration, Tuan Le will be a big help for your case.</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Huy**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">I’m so appreciative with Tuan’s work on my bankruptcy case! He communicated everything that went on and answered all my questions. I would definitely recommend him to friends and family!</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Javier**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">I had a whole slew of problems when I was referred to Tuan several years back. Tuan gave me a consultation, examined everything I gave him, and started to give me scenarios and solutions to my problems. The entire process Tuan was there, always listening, always coaching me and keeping me abreast of what was going on with my legal issues. This guy knows his stuff, and definitely knows his way through bankruptcy. He will guide and walk you through every step of the way. I have already referred two friends, and will most definitely continue to do so. He’s a good guy, and an even better attorney.</q><q class="testimonial-author">**anonymous**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">Our experience with Tuan Le, through our legal proceedings, was nothing short of exceptional. From our very first phone conversation to our case closing, he made us feel very comfortable and secure.
I would and have recommended his service too several other people,
Thank you</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Elias**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">My wife and I were very pleased with the service provided, he answered every single question clearly. He knows what he’s doing in the field.</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Aaron Montes**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">I had the pleasure of working with Mr. Le regarding my BK case and I can say he put my mind at ease when it comes to explaining the process and what to expect throughout the case. He demonstrated trust and commitment which is critical to being an attorney. The value and breadth of knowledge he brings to the table is by far one of the best I’ve worked with in a long time. I felt very comfortable working with him and never once did i feel he represented me on a pure transactional basis. I would recommend Mr. Le to anyone who has ever had a bad experience working with an attorney or felt like they’re being taken advantage off.</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Ben**</q><!----><q class="testimonial-message">Tuan was very knowledgeable and on time with my bankruptcy case. He kept me up to date with the process and answered any questions I had. He definitely made my case run smooth as I were pretty concerned. I coundn’t be more satisfied with the whole procedure and result. Thank you!</q><q class="testimonial-author">**Anthony**</q><!----><!---->
